# Git Assignment - <KSkoropad>
GitHub Issues are items you can create in a repository to plan, discuss and track work. 
Pull requests let you tell others about changes you've pushed to a branch in a repository on GitHub.
On GitHub.com, navigate to the main page of the repository. In the "Branch" menu, choose the branch that contains your commits. Above the list of files, in the yellow banner, click Compare & pull request to create a pull request for the associated branch. Use the base branch dropdown menu to select the branch you'd like to merge your changes into, then use the compare branch drop-down menu to choose the topic branch you made your changes in. Type a title and description for your pull request. To create a pull request that is ready for review, click Create Pull Request. To create a draft pull request, use the drop-down and select Create Draft Pull Request, then click Draft Pull Request. For more information about draft pull requests, see "About pull requests."
Ask for the username of the person you're inviting as a collaborator. If they don't have a username yet, they can sign up for GitHub. On GitHub.com, navigate to the main page of the repository. Under your repository name, click  Settings. If you cannot see the "Settings" tab, select the  dropdown menu, then click Settings. In the "Access" section of the sidebar, click  Collaborators. Click Add people. In the search field, start typing the name of person you want to invite, then click a name in the list of matches. Click Add NAME to REPOSITORY. The user will receive an email inviting them to the repository. Once they accept your invitation, they will have collaborator access to your repository.
Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories. 
The git diff command helps you see, compare, and understand changes in your project.
The main branch is the original thread of code for a project's codebase.
No